Appleby Arrows
Name: Anora Loxby
Team: Appleby Arrows
Position: Keeper
Age: 27
Years on Team: 10
Alma Mater/House: Hogwarts/Hufflepuff
Reputation: Anora doesn’t have much of a reputation outside of the league. She keeps to herself and doesn’t cause trouble. In fact Anora is often able to enjoy going out and not being harassed by Arrows fans – mostly because people don’t often recognize her or even notice her. 
Playing style: cautious, creative, fast
Name: Chambray Valentine
Team: Applebee Arrows
Position: Seeker
Age: 23
Years on Team: 5
Alma Mater/House: Hogwarts/Ravenclaw
Reputation: Everyone loves Chambray. She's beautiful and talented, it's impossible to feel anything aside from adoration for the charming girl. Though she seems to be perfection squared (women want to be her, men want to date her), the most dedicated Applebee fans can't help but feel that she is horribly dull and snobbish in person. When seen in public she frequently wears giant sunglasses and hats to hide her face and refuses to sign autographs unless she is wearing her official team uniform.
Playing style: Physical, Selfish, Confident
Name: Amos Blackwood
Team: Appleby Arrows
Position: Chaser, Captain
Age: 34
Years on Team: 17
Alma Mater/House: Hogwarts, Ravenclaw
Reputation: Amos has quite a loyal following; his fans know how much he puts his heart and soul into the team and he is well respected for it. He is known for defending his team so aggressively that he is often penalized for arguing with referees. 
Playing style: direct, organized, collaborative
Name: Pax Sinclair
Team: Applebee Arrows
Position: Chaser
Age: 28
Years on Team: 8
Alma Mater/House: Homeschooled for 1 year, Ugadou for 1 year, Mahoutokoro for 2 years,  Castelobruxo for 3 years
Reputation: Pax captures the attention of fans by her mysterious background. Though she doesn't talk much about her past, thinking it's terribly excessive and weird, her lack of explanation for why she has attended three magical schools leaves much to the imagination. Fans have come up with crazy stories about Pax, stories that Pax finds much more plausible than the truth. Her strange background greatly adds to her charm, making her a fascinating and intriguing asset to the team. 
Playing style: Creative, Collaborative, Cunning
Name: Elizabeth Jameson
Team: Appleby Arrows
Position: Chaser
Age: 23
Years on Team: 2
Alma Mater/House: Hogwarts, Gryffindor
Reputation: A fan favorite because of her positive attitude and rugged but fair style of play, Beth has worked her way up from reserves to starting player in only two short years. Her high-scoring percentage in her first two seasons have propelled the Arrows deep into contention both times.  
Playing style: Quick, Direct, Cunning
Name: Kris Masters
Team: Appleby Arrows
Position: Beater
Age: 31
Years on Team: 15
Alma Mater/House: Hogwarts, Hufflepuff
Reputation: Kris is Amos’s best friend – they are rarely seen apart. There is often a friendly competition between the two of them for nearly everything, from Quidditch to women. Kris isn’t quite as much of a chauvinist on the field as Amos, but he has a reputation for being sexist off the field. 
Playing style: skillful, direct, fast
Name: Elon Faust 
Team: Appleby Arrows
Position: Beater
Age: 24
Years on Team: 7
Alma Mater/House: Hogwarts, Gryffindor
Reputation: Shy of the spotlight, Elon rarely goes to publicity events or signs autographs for fans. 
Playing style: aggressive, direct, fast